JDK 14
-------
**1. JEP 305 – Pattern Matching for instanceof (Preview) :**
- In Java 14, instanceof operator has been modified to have type test pattern. 
  A type test pattern (used in instanceof) consists of a predicate that specifies a type, along with a single binding variable.
  
**2. JEP 368 – Text Blocks (Second Preview) :**
- In Java, a text block is a multi-line string literal. It means we do not need to get into mess of explicit line terminators, string concatenations, 
  and delimiters otherwise used for writing the normal string literals.
- Text blocks comprise multiple lines of text and uses three double-quote characters (""") as its opening and closing delimiter.
- The instance produced from a text block is of type java.lang.String with the same characteristics as a traditional double quoted string. 
  This includes object representation and interning into string pool.
  
**3. JEP 358 – Helpful NullPointerExceptions :**
- Java 14 improves the usability of NullPointerException generated by the JVM by describing precisely which variable was null.
- First, we need to pass -XX:+ShowCodeDetailsInExceptionMessages JVM flag to enable this feature while running the application.  

**4. JEP 359 – Records (Preview) :**
- record type has been introduced as preview feature in Java 14 and shall be used as plain immutable data classes for data transfer between classes and applications.
- Like enum, record is also a special class type in Java. It is intended to be used in places where a class is created only to act as plain data carrier.
- The important difference between class and record is that a record aims to eliminate all the boilerplate code needed to set and get the data from instance. 
- Records transfer this responsibility to java compiler which generates the constructor, field getters, hashCode() and equals() as well toString() methods.

**5. JEP 361 – Switch Expressions (Standard) :**
- A switch statement allows the application to have multiple possible execution paths based on the value of a given expression in runtime.
- In Java 14, with switch expression, the entire switch block “gets a value” that can then be assigned to a variable in same statement.
- It has the support of multiple case labels and using yield to return value in place of old return keyword.
- In case of enum, we can skip the default case. If there is any missing value not handled in cases, compiler will complain. 
  In all other expression types (int, strings etc), we must provide default case as well.
  
- A return statement returns control to the invoker of a method or constructor. A yield statement transfers control by causing an enclosing switch expression to produce a specified value.
  
  SwitchExpression:
      YieldStatement:
          yield Expression;
          
  - SwitchExpression tries to find a correct YieldStatement to transfer control to innermost enclosing yield target.
  - SwitchExpression terminates normally and the value of the Expression becomes the value of the SwitchExpression.
  - If the evaluation of the Expression completes abruptly for some reason, then the yield statement completes abruptly for same reason.
  
  
  

